first draft of starter pack (#167)
godaddy/gasket: packages/create-gasket-app/README.md

# create-gasket-app

Starter Pack for creating Gasket apps. 

### Get Started Immediately

> You **don’t** need to install gasket-cli tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You **don’t** need to globally install the Gasket CLI
```
